we're currently here in a Za where ABD
abuan lives along with his family here
they were evacuated forced to evacuate
from the Northern parts of this is their
tent and this is where they lived ABD
rman is the first Rec recorded po case
across the Gaza Strip today is his
birthday today he should have took his
first steps but unfortunately due to
polio he is unable to walk his mother
his father told us that he was supposed
to take his injection on the October 7th
but unfortunately the war happened and
he never got his
vaccines ABD my son had fever and
repeated vomiting suddenly he stopped
moving or even crawling although he was
a very active child I rushed him to the
alaa hospital where he was put for
treatment for a month then doctors
decided to draw a SLE which was sent to
Jordan for examination I was shocked
that the polio result came
positive I'm very sad that my child will
spend the rest of his life like this
especially because there's no proper
treatment inside Gaza and the border
crossing is closed till when will we
continue to
suffer contaminated water was the key
factor even detergents and cleaning
materials were denied entry into the
Gaza Strip soap shampoos you name it I
believe dirty water was the main cause I
hope my son will be properly treated and
cured I pray kind people will help us
have him treated abroad that is our
Dream today at least 640,000 Palestinian
children will start receiving the Poo
vaccine however ABD Rahman won't be able
to get his treatment because he's unable
to travel abroad just like thousands of
other Palestinian injured and in urgent
need of medical treatment abroad this is
hind alaz Al the Gaza
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer